script: 01_fastqc.sh
conda environment=NGS-QC
programm	version
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 02_polish.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 03_fastqctrimmed.sh
conda environment=NGS-QC
programm	version
fastqc	0.11.9
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04_mapping_VirCap.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
conda environment=NGS-kma
programm	version
kma	1.4.9
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04p_parse-output.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 01_fastqc.sh
conda environment=NGS-QC
programm	version
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 01_fastqc.sh
conda environment=NGS-QC
programm	version
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 01_fastqc.sh
conda environment=NGS-QC
programm	version
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 02_polish.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 03_fastqctrimmed.sh
conda environment=NGS-QC
programm	version
fastqc	0.11.9
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04_mapping_VirCap.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
conda environment=NGS-kma
programm	version
kma	1.4.9
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04p_parse-output.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04_mapping_VirCap.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
conda environment=NGS-kma
programm	version
kma	1.4.9
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04p_parse-output.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04_mapping_VirCap.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
conda environment=NGS-kma
programm	version
kma	1.4.9
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04p_parse-output.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04_mapping_VirCap.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
conda environment=NGS-kma
programm	version
kma	1.4.9
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04p_parse-output.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 02_polish.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04_mapping_VirCap.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
conda environment=NGS-kma
programm	version
kma	1.4.9
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04p_parse-output.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 02_polish.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04_mapping_VirCap.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
conda environment=NGS-kma
programm	version
kma	1.4.9
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04p_parse-output.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
script: 02_polish.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04_mapping_VirCap.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
conda environment=NGS-kma
programm	version
kma	1.4.9
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04p_parse-output.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 02_polish.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04_mapping_VirCap.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
conda environment=NGS-kma
programm	version
kma	1.4.9
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 04p_parse-output.sh
conda environment=NGS-bbmap
programm	version
bbmap-suite	39.01
samtools	1.16.1
script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


script: 05_kraken_krona.sh
conda environment=NGS-kraken2
programm	version
kraken2	2.1.2
krona	2.8.1
all scripts used will be documented in this file


